docs: add learning objectives section to `working-with-files` (#63)
rostools/github-intro: includes/_working-with-files-objectives.qmd

-   Interact with and navigate GitHub to create, edit, rename, and
    delete files and folders.
-   Use good naming practices for files and folders.

> -   Practice finding previous changes by using the Git history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Use the GitHub history page to explore and find previous changes made to your files.
```

Small clarification to objective.
